# housing-registration-system
A simple hosing registration system / OOP with C++

## assignment description

> The streets in this city are actually quite simple: there are only two types of buildings in the streets. The streets consist of houses in which one family lives and of apartment buildings  which contain several apartments. 
It is up to you now to create a registration system for one single street. All buildings in the street should get a unique number, which should be generated by the system. In the street there are houses where only a single family lives, but per house you should track how many residents live in the house. In the street there are also apartment buildings which consist of multiple apartments. Given is how many apartments are in this building. Per apartment the system should track which family and how many residents live there. Apartment buildings also have a unique number, but every apartment also have a suffix like a, b, c (these are strings and are given and should not be generated by the system).  
The system should be able to print the street (by writing the output to std::cout). Also it should be shown how many people live in the street. This is the sum of all residents that live in the houses and in the apartments. 

> Please note: You don’t have to create a menu or other user interface for the system. It is sufficient to fill the main method with some calls to your Street class (please check the comments in main.cpp for information on which calls you must add). 


## Example outout

Output of the system looks like this:
```text
This street has 17 residents.
1) is a house where family van Kleunen lives with 3 persons.
2) is an apartment building with 2 apartments:
        a) is where Pietersen lives with 1 persons
        b) is where van Buren lives with 2 persons
3) is a house where family van den Berg lives with 2 persons.
4) is an apartment building with 3 apartments:
        a) is where Oranje lives with 3 persons
        b) is where Wit lives with 2 persons
        c) is where Janssen lives with 4 persons
```
---

## Contributor
Jihee Hong, <jihee102@gmail.com>

---
## License & copyright
© Jihee Hong
Licensed under the [MIT License](LISENCE)
